Heading: Sprint 1 Plan
Pokemon Mystery Tinder App
Oct. 21st 2018
Revision 1 Oct 09, 2018

Goal: Design a user system and write a series of questions used to determine the personality of the user. Design an algorithm that assigns you specific Pokemon that corresponds with how you answered the previous questions.

Task listing, organized by user story: 
User Story 1:
As a romantic interested individual, I want to meet other romantically interested individuals.
Task 1: Design the algorithm to match similar people to achieve compatibility(time estimate: 5hrs)
Total for user story 1: 5 hours 

User Story 2:
As a romantically uninterested person, I want to meet other people to be my friends.
Task: Ensure that the app doesn’t overly emphasize romantic relationships, keep it casual.(time: 5 hrs)
Total for user story: 5hrs

User Story 3:
As a lonely person, I want to meet other people to hang out and/or to chat with.
Task: Design functionalities for the app that allow for meaningful interaction between users that are casual.(time: 5hrs)
Total for user story: 5hrs

User Story 4:
As a Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Game Fan, I want to see what Pokemon I enspirit as.
Task: Design the aesthetics of the app to please fans of the series. (time: 5hrs)
Total for user story: 5 hrs

User Story 5:
As a person who wants to have fun, I want to enjoy myself with the app.
Task: Make the app simple but interesting to utilize and fun to interact with. (time: 5hrs)
Total for user story: 5hrs

Team roles:
Team member Kevin Wen: Product Owner {Developer} 
Team member Dennis Nguyen: Scrum Master {Developer}
Team member Shant Narkizian: Developer
Team member Richard Torres: Developer
Team member Anthony Chian: Developer

Initial task assignment:

Team member Kevin Wen: User Story 1, Task: Figure out how to match people based on a questionnaire
Team member Dennis Nguyen: User Story 4, Task: Figure out the approach for the aesthetics of the app.
Team member Shant Narkizian: User Story 2, Task: Ensure that the app doesn’t overly emphasize romantic relationships, keep it casual

Team member Richard Torres: User Story 3, Task: Design functionalities for the app that allow for meaningful interaction between users that are casual

Team member Anthony Chian: User Story 5, Task: Make the app simple but interesting to utilize and fun to interact with


Initial burnup chart:
Haven’t been assigned a location in the lab. 

Initial scrum board:
Haven’t been assigned a location in the lab. 

Scrum times:
-Monday 3:45pm
-Wednesday 3:45pm
-Thursday 4pm (with TA)
